Fix some more names in the doc (#4)
valkey-io/valkey-doc: commands/cluster-slaves.md

> **A note about the word slave used in this man page and command name**: If not for backward compatibility, the Valkey project no longer uses the word slave. Please use the new command `CLUSTER REPLICAS`. The command `CLUSTER SLAVES` will continue to work for backward compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**A note about the word slave used in this man page and command name**: If not for Redis compatibility, the Valkey project does not use the word slave. Please use the new command `CLUSTER REPLICAS`. The command `CLUSTER SLAVES` will continue to work for backward compatibility.
```
